Professor Rogness,       Thank you for sending that thorough email. I wanted to clarify some details from that email. On 7th May when I submitted both files, I received a notification from Canvas stating that, "Your files have been submitted successfully." There was no message from Canvas stating that only one file was received or any sort of error message. Thus, I concluded that due to the Canvas Student app having said that the files sent from my scanner app were submitted properly, nothing was amiss. The due date was at 6:00 PM. I had started scanning my test papers by noon but  submitted an hour early at 5 pm. When uploading, there were no glitches and I received confirmation too and it was a smooth submission.        I did not know that Canvas had discarded one of my files until I saw the results. On the 21st I received an email that said that the results were on Canvas. After checking my score on Monday, I found out why my grade was low and immediately replied with both of my PDFs. Regarding your question that the PDF in the email were not created on 7th May - The PDFs  create date is showing the date when I export the scanned pages them from Scanner app to Google Drive to attach to my email when I sent email to you.That's why both files were created on the 24th on the email. Unlike what was written, I didn't scan the papers on 24th but were scanned on the due date.  How you implied that I solved the exam after the due date, I felt sick. Even though, my mother is mathematical graduate, I didn't allow her to even look at the problems on my test.
There seems to be a technical glitch in the Canvas that has caused this confusion.
I did more research on the Canvas app in the last 2 days - The canvas app always says "Your files have been submitted successfully."  even if it did not upload both files.  After resubmitting the files multiple times,I concluded that there is a technical error in submitting multiple files to Canvas from my scanner app. When submitting files, there is a confirmation message, but only one file has been uploaded. Sometimes both are uploaded, but in both scenarios, I receive a confirmation message saying that my files were uploaded successfully. Only after this did I discover how to find the submission logs. I have screen recorded the error and attached it below.
While doing this, another error came to my attention. In Class 14 submissions, I uploaded both files on time. My TA sent me a message that only the two pages were submitted. On the app there is a log of both files on time, and I have attached the screenshot below. After that, I sent the exact same file I sent the first time, and they were able to view it. I don't know why the TA was only able to see one file. On Canvas, Class 14 is marked as a Late Submission. This and my exam were the two assignments in which I had to submit two different PDFs and both times, there was a bug with Canvas submissions. I believe that there is a technical issue with Canvas when submitting two PDFs.