Professor Rogness,
       Thank you for sending that thorough email. I wanted to clarify some details. 
On the due date I submitted both files and I received a notification from Canvas stating that, "Your files have been submitted successfully." There was no message from Canvas stating that only one file was received nor there was any error message. Therefore, I concluded that everything went fine as the Canvas Student app said that the files sent from my scanner app were submitted properly, nothing was amiss. The due date was at 6:00 PM. I had started scanning my test papers by noon but  submitted an hour early at 5 pm. When uploading, there were no glitches and I received confirmation too and it was a smooth submission.        After checking my score on Monday, I went to canvas to see why my grade was low and immediately replied with both of my PDFs. I did not know earlier that Canvas had a defect causing files to be not uploaded until I went into Canvas to see the evaluated answer sheets after seeing my exam results.
I had put in the effort during the exam week and solved all the problems in the exam and submitted on time with proper confirmation message of submission from Canvas. I had provided the exam completion status updates on continuous basis as requested during the exam week. On 5/2 and 5/5 I had asked for clarification on some problems to Mr. Fisher. It would be very unfair to give me a reduced score of 55% without evaluating my answer sheets due to a defect in the Canvas which wasn't my fault. It is only fair to consider the defect in the Canvas app and give me full credit for my answer sheets and provide me with the marks for my solutions. 
Regarding your question that the PDF in the email were not created on 7th May - The PDF's  are created when I export the scanned pages from Scanner app to Google Drive to attach to my email when I sent email to you - It is not the date of scanning. That's why both files on the email have the create date of the 24th May. Unlike what was written in your email, I didn't do those problems after the due date nor did I scan the papers on 24th but scanned on the due date. I did not know that you had posted the solutions somewhere. I would never copy from others. I never intended to depend on others knowledge but only want to develop my my own. Copying from others would only weaken my confidence in my own abilities.
There seems to be a technical glitch in Canvas in which Canvas is not informing us of during the submission process and provides confirmation that submission was successful. 
I did more research for this issue on the Canvas app in the last 2-3 days. I uploaded files from the scanner app to the Canvas and the Canvas app always says "Your files have been submitted successfully"  even if it dropped one of the files during submission. What is strange is that sometimes it uploads both the PDF files and other times uploads only one PDF  - In both the scenarios Canvas says, "Your files have been submitted successfully," without any error message. Only once was there an error message that one file upload failed.
I have recorded the video that shows that after submitting files, there is a successful confirmation message, but only one file has been uploaded and sometimes both files are uploaded. I have screen recorded it, would you want those recordings and screenshot.
Only after this incident did I discover how to find the submission logs. I was only able to look at comments on my computer, but on the Canvas Student app, there is a log in the comments of uploaded files.  
While doing this research, another error which is unrelated to the exam came to my attention. In Class 14 submissions, I uploaded both files on time. My TA sent me a message that only one PDF was submitted. On the app there is a log of both files on time, and I have attached the screenshot below. After that, I sent the exact same file I sent the first time, and they were able to view it. I don't know why the TA was only able to see one file. On Canvas, Class 14 is marked as a Late Submission. This and my exam were the two assignments in which I had to submit two different PDFs and both times, there was a bug with Canvas submissions. I believe that there is a technical issue with Canvas when submitting two PDFs. I again request that both the PDF answer sheets be evaluated and give me the full credit as per my solutions instead of reducing it to 55% for no fault of mine.
Sincerely,
Keerthik Muruganandam

On Thu, May 28, 2020 at 6:46 PM Keerthik M <keerthik.4.m@gmail.com> wrote:


---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Jonathan Rogness <rogness@math.umn.edu>
Date: Thu, May 28, 2020 at 4:49 PM
Subject: Re: Take Home Exam Grades
To: <keerthik.4.m@gmail.com>
CC: mathcep Math Center for Educational Programs <mathcep@umn.edu>, Alex Fisher <fishe609@umn.edu>


Hi Keerthik,
Sorry for the confusion; I had told our staff I’d write to you about your exam, and was waiting to hear back from Mr. Fisher first.  In the meantime you got your grade report, with  a totally different exam score than you were expecting.  I can see how that would be strange!
So, unfortunately, it sounds like something went wrong when submitting your exam?  I’m not sure what the whole story is.  Your original email implied you created those two files back on May 7th before submitting them.  The Test2.pdf file is consistent with that, but the Test1.pdf file isn’t; it wasn’t created the day the exam was due, for example.  There are also no records in the Canvas logs of Test1.pdf being uploaded.
The trickier thing is that, not only is there no “late due date” for the exam (it was due when it was due), but I also posted solutions to the exam 3-4 days before you emailed us.  I think you can understand that we can’t accept the problems in Test1.pdf for full credit, when they’re 17 days late, and when full solutions have been posted.  That wouldn’t be fair to other students, who could all rightfully say, “Ok, then I should get to redo a bunch of problems, too.”
Ok, now the happier part.  I don’t believe you sat down and copied down all the solutions.  Furthermore, it turns out that even if we can’t give you full credit, it does’t really matter.  I took a look through your exam and, if we granted full credit for all of those problems, your exam would be in the mid 80’s.  I didn’t go through all the partial credit with a fine-toothed comb, so Mr. Fisher would have to tell us if you would have actually gotten an 85, or 83, or whatever.  But it turns out that anything in that range would give you the same course grade.
With your low test score, you were still at a B+ based on the strength of your earlier work.  With full credit for all the exam problems, you would have moved up to an A-.  But it turns out you only needed a 55 on the exam to get an A-.  Out of fairness we can’t give you full credit for those problems, but I think we can give you 13 points.  So when Mr. Gilbert was putting together the grade reports, I told him to move your score up to 55 so you’d get the higher grade.
Overall this means in the long run, there was no harm done!   But in the future please do be careful when uploading any work, whether homework or exams.  Remember the note on the front of the exam: we recommended uploading the exam at noon (not 5:05pm) so that you’d have plenty of time to check for technical glitches, verify that all of the problems were uploaded, and so on.  It’s your responsibility to make everything has uploaded correctly, and to contact us (before the deadline!) if something goes wrong.  Otherwise if problems are missing, the assumption will be that you didn’t have them done on time.
Have a good summer!
Prof Rogness--Jonathan RognessAssociate Professor, MathematicsMathCEP Director of Educational Programs & UMTYMPhttp://www.math.umn.edu/~rogness
On May 28, 2020, at 4:17 PM, mathcep Math Center for Educational Programs <mathcep@umn.edu> wrote:
---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Keerthik M <keerthik.4.m@gmail.com>
Date: Thu, May 28, 2020 at 4:03 PM
Subject: Re: Take Home Exam Grades
To: mathcep Math Center for Educational Programs <mathcep@umn.edu>, Alex Fisher <afisher@blakeschool.org>
Cc: Muruganandam D <muruganandamd@gmail.com>, Thamarai M <thamarai.m@gmail.com>


Hello,I got my Precalculus grade report, my final exam grade is a 55%. Before, my exam score was a 42 out of 48 points possible in the last 6 pages.Can you please let me know what my actual score was on the exam in terms of points? If possible could you please give me scores for the first 10 pages and the last 6 pages separately?Sincerely,Keerthik Muruganandam

On Tue, May 26, 2020 at 11:02 AM mathcep Math Center for Educational Programs <mathcep@umn.edu> wrote:
Hi Keerthik,Let me follow up with our staff and see what we can do. I'll get back to you soon.
School of Mathematics Center for Educational Programs
University of Minnesota
mathcep@umn.edu
612-625-2861
www.mathcep.umn.edu
206 Church St. S.E. - 4 Vincent Hall
Minneapolis, MN  55455

On Sun, May 24, 2020 at 2:00 PM Keerthik M <keerthik.4.m@gmail.com> wrote:
Dear MathCEP,This is Keerthik Muruganandam. I am in Precalculus. I looked at my "At home exam" results and I was shocked at the very low score. I submitted two PDFs, Test1.pdf and Test2.pdf, to the submission assignment because my phone scanner app doesn't allow PDFs bigger than 10 pages. I was shocked and after seeing my score, I checked the submission assignment. However, in the assignment there is only the second file(Test2.pdf). The first PDF file(Test1.pdf) is missing and I think that only one PDF was graded. For your reference, I have attached both PDFs here. I can also mail them or I can come and submit the hard copy to the MathCEP office.
Regards,Keerthik

